Troubleshoot public cloud setup with BYOS instances -AWS- tapasn (#2714)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: CHANGELOG.md

  client operating systems.
- Documented upgrading to version 4.2 in Upgrade Guide (bsc#1185711).
- Fixed URL of API documentation

> - Added a troubleshooting Document under the troubleshooting page showing how to troubleshoot setup issues in public cloud setup (BYOS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added troubleshooting instructions for the set up issues in public cloud ({byos}) to Administration Guide
```
